no
what's up my kids if you give me
something more serious and more subdued than
usual today it's because I've been suffering
a lot of harassment lately on the networks
okay and that's affecting me
psychologically I'm about to say
no seriously the networks must be costing me too much
lately and I'm having a
hard time visitos I present to you this
gates who is a kid who is obviously
subscribed to my channel with the
bell because he comments on all the
videos on my channel both the main one
and the secondary one in the
dallas video he is innocent and now what and now
what I'm
sorry javi but today I subscribe to
your channel he says that you are impartial and that you
only give your opinion but today I
subscribe to your channel because you must have the
wrong channel to subscribe to
Azzurra because he doesn't miss any
video he already saw your [ __ ] I'll do where he
gives it to me where you saved it
arena
to me you with me out there everything he gave you he
well
deserves 20 internet dislikes and he spoke
in his little mouth he says that the dislikes don't
matter to him  go to the blog to see if it says the
same thing and what a bad person you are and this
[ __ ] you already want me not to get paid I have to pay the
bill I have to pay for my apartment you
want to see me on the street no right
or so you are complaining because
issys are boycotting their companies not
so that I lose my job you don't want
the same from me no it won't be this one or a
hypocrite no matter what this
guy does he's going to end up like jairo blog well no I'm
never going to end up like jairo blog's boss
because look it's
good about the hair I'm sure I can't
guarantee it but also if I were
to jairo blog if that happened to me that
all the criticism channels would
turn on me to sink me I wouldn't
die like a [ __ ] coward like the
[ __ ] sense I would die killing
okay I'll kill all the sons
of [ __ ] who criticize me hey you don't
understand right what do I have to do to get
you to leave the hospital I love it
because there comes a time when you're getting
frustrated and everyone looks at us I
like everyone  his videos
god keep going do
n't you understand man i'm giving you dislikes
so you leave how many more dislikes do i have to
give him for youtube to do something
youtube
do something don't you see this guy is full
of dislikes the right thing is that he will make me
hand them over that dallas is happy that he
his brother reaches one million and that you
leave the internet his brother churra has
become the new idol among the
campitos okay there's dallas there's his
scarf and then there's you and the same if we
go to the secondary channel this guy
is in all the videos learn from his
brother and maybe you can save your
channel he has my twitter okay here I moved
my twitter as he comments on almost all my
posts see you on twitter hypocrite
here we see how one night he announced
his new sticker on the application they
put a sticker with my face on the application that
gives you likes and he's happy what they
should do is shoot this guy he
spends his time harassing youtuber all day
and on top of the prize he
spends his time harassing youtube all
day you
should learn from his brother and not be
so angry but anyway you  channel is
dying and you're not coming out this year
my channel is dying let's see if I
can see it let's see because I see the visits like a [ __ ]
and the subscribers
even if I get the negative it's because if
one day I win 300 but I lose 350 you get
negative 50 no but I'm winning at the
same time as winning I'm doing it it's
like a scribe okay like a scribe I'm getting
rid of all the junk and so
gaining subscribers clean this the
main channel okay then we have the
secondary one it does
n't give me that I'm not dying
sorry but I'm not going to the internet it
turns out that the anime the wind and link
gameplay continue this time by
wind and with and I think you're a little
heavy with the subject so he doesn't know
what happened I have a couple of videos
on the channel achieve in the description
but I'm going to summarize basically what's
happening there's in play that Levitt is always
throwing at Wind and between the two of them they
don't get along the other day he entered
Wind's game they did something that
breaks the rules of the game okay
cheating and it's called something like street
is nine or something like that try  of seeing in
the street the wind and where she is
hidden on the map to go kill her
basically that is cheating and it varies
both by tweets and by epic and
valuable that if wind go as a banner holder
in fact one of her
colleagues has been handled and she will surely be
mané also the thing that is cheating
is variable you can report it all you
want but at the end of the day it is
still a joke not life that
takes it with more sense of humor and
especially on the internet and not so seriously
no no no no it is not personal and today we are
going to see if they do this to me it is ney ping
my fault it is not that to begin with
and since I was doing it I prefer to
plan have a good time you know with those who
are doing it before getting
nervous and cracking up because we are giving it to her
all the time she came out to say what to
help her the answer she gave him and it
seemed a little proportionate
because it was attacking him with the personal not
that if air put the rope on her boyfriend how are you the
same and I would have simply
made a hot response
criticizing her and telling
everyone that what this woman did
was wrong but don't mix it with
bullying issues with couples issues
enjoy them with personal things and
now it turns out that you all have scanned
a video for me to
react to it and we're going to watch it and well it
seems to me that I'm going to be freaked out
or rather this video was uploaded last night it is
trending in the video game from what I see
winding irle donald rubios complete and
this video is from a channel that
already has 700 thousand views the
[ __ ] cut the 10 minutes to
put the ads we already know 500
bucks uploading a video that is not his
[ __ ] great and this channel is dedicated to
that and they give me a lot more with
channels like this no man it's that a lot of
people call cancer from the internet to
salt channels or channels like
dallas and everything but really what
gives me [ __ ] disgust is this because those 500
bucks are from the blond not him
wind and he donates to the blond I don't know why
something tells me that with this video we are going to
feel true terror
well let's feel the definition of the
word mane g-15 my cliché weapon as you already
know rubio dedicates himself at night to
being a string in tweet when there are several
video games
I am also now playing in tweets
or I am going to give it to the description okay my
normal content is still in you
know but I make the video games in
tweets what happens is that I am playing
four night and I need some hands I do
not know if you will have one around there to spare
that is militating the desire I try to get the
goal from rubio he was delighted with the
game and I apologize for that I
humbly ask for your help to do
justice
or so how the hell do you download string from
rubio and give him a donation they use the donations
to put that message that they have that
we are a personal battle of yours you already know
everything that rubio always tries to
avoid controversy and that he never wants to
get into the rag
and it seems to me in very bad taste if it is in
wind and I really do not know the same
effect but it seems to me in very bad taste
because it is doing a kind of spam
or so you go to the ruble channel
where you are allowed to put a message that  it's
going to be read aloud
automatically and talking about something of yours is
a form of spam and they are disrespectful
the baby is left with a face of how many
fans and I love the blonde's sweatshirt I
know if anyone knows where he sells it
tell me to buy it doesn't do what I
want the hammer doesn't do what it wants it does
n't do what I want
[Music]
again I
appreciate you seeing what happened and if you can
support the right side not bullying
or cheating online
what an awkward moment it is I don't know
what wind is expecting and I know what you
expect I don't know what you expect the blonde to
make a video telling what happened
but what do you think the blonde the mongol
or salsa youtuber or that [ __ ]
Javi Oliveira how uncomfortable how uncomfortable
the kid is
with things like this in the end what wins
is that they remove the narration in tweets
so that it can't be read aloud okay okay
we need the biggest dick energy
in history
windy nobody cares about your channel or
your bilbao can you please let us enjoy a
video
[Music]
not all beings wear capes oh oh what a
host and the ruby ​​​​broke the
[ __ ] Castellanos Gonzalez was the first
reasons as many times for the prime not
knowing is worth to continue playing to break the
[ __ ]
[Music]
fools sometimes the three hundred right
and
[Music]
while Martin del Calado and that is
normal we
would not have created I think a person
with whom I have a problem and comes to me
with some [ __ ] like this
[Music] let's
see in the end what happened to
with and with the blond it was not to be
fighting all your life but
simply this is a channel Christian
of the devil here what do you
recommend as a newbie on twitch
because I do not want to load at the
moment nobody hates me and here always
all days do what you do so do
your [ __ ] and enjoy it because always
everyone no you are not going to fall well to
everyone that I already make clear to you
[Music]
don't be bad
doing directs that's it don't be bad
then already extended the reference
blonds don't be bad
[Music]
I mean  what I'm telling you the kid is
taking it with a sense of humor
but the truth is he must be feeling a little bad
first because it's an
uncomfortable situation that you are putting
these things to a person with whom
you do not get along and that you do not like
or maybe he does not like an animal because this
kid has the problem with everyone
and the same thing is that he simply
wants to be in his own world without talking about
these topics and not even playing his
video games but basically it's that
any of us would be bothered if they came to
explain to us and they even told me two things about
your channel in my live you are worth it for I
know to get attention is that what you
put tweets there so that they read your
message when you donate is so that you can talk
something about the video game or about the
person who is training not for you to
do your advertising of the year there it's as
if I collect Donald Rubio a euro and with a
euro I take and put there I
sell Opel Corsa and water and the partner's one
again
humbly thank you and continue
having successes
or
Rubio code in the forn store and I
greet you from  mexico ps blond don't be
mean
thank you very much it's the vitality I
heard a model I think
wind's breast exploded and here
and
subscribe well nothing guys I already
said while I was watching it what it
seems to me it seems that wing 17 is already
giving too much hype to the matter
what happens is that I have seen another clip where
she denies it
[Music]
so well yes it is true that
anyone I think could put whatever
name they want when donating
so it could be that it could have been
the same guy this one that comes out at 500
bucks summarizing this piece of live and he has
spent about 50 bucks donating to
the blond but in exchange he has been the
first to upload this not what do I know to
be a little skeptical and a little far-
fetched but come on I think it
could have been wind and why win 10 of the one
that has these falls and if it has been one of
them well it seems a little regrettable to me it
seems a little embarrassing to me I would
address the issue should leave it
parked  or if she wants to move
forward she can report it and that they are going in
nose and from this but go to bother
other u2 see how that no I hope it was not
her I hope it was not
her because it was the truth that it was
in very bad taste but we will never
know because she is going to deny it she will
always deny it and nothing guys I want you to
tell me in the comments box what
you think if you think it was her
or that it was someone pretending to be
her if it was her what do you think and
if it seems regrettable or it seems that it is
normal that she tries to defend herself and we
read and see each other in the next video